Add documentation for v5.0 (#153)
pi-hole/docs: docs/ftldns/regex/overview.md

A regular expression, or RegEx for short, is a pattern that can be used for building arbitrarily complex filter rules in *FTL*DNS.
We implement the POSIX Extended Regular Expressions similar to the one used by the UNIX `egrep` (or `grep -E`) command.

Our implementation is light and fast as each domain is only checked once for a match (if you query `google.com`, it will be checked against your RegEx. Any subsequent query to the same domain will not be checked again until you restart `pihole-FTL`).

## Hierarchy of regex filters in *FTL*DNS

> *FTL*DNS uses a specific hierarchy to ensure regex filters work as you expect them to. Whitelisting always  has higher propriety than blacklisting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*FTL*DNS uses a specific hierarchy to ensure regex filters work as you expect them to. Whitelisting always has priority over blacklisting.
```
